README.md, before:

# Placetogrow - Microsite Payment Platform

## Description
Placetogrow is a platform that allows administrators to create and manage microsites for different types of payments (invoices, subscriptions, donations), and enables users to make payments in a simple and secure manner.

## Technologies Used
- PHP 8.2
- Laravel 11.0
- MySQL 8.0
- InertiaJs with Vue 3.4.0 and TypeScript 5.0.2
- Tailwind CSS 3.2.1
- Headless UI 1.7

## Installation and Setup
1. Clone the repository:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/MiguelBa1/placetogrow
    ```

2. Create the `.env` file from the `.env.example` file:
    ```sh
    cp .env.example .env
    ```

3. Configure the necessary information in the `.env` file. Make sure to set the following variables:

   ### Database Connection
    - `DB_CONNECTION`
    - `DB_HOST`
    - `DB_PORT`
    - `DB_DATABASE`
    - `DB_USERNAME`
    - `DB_PASSWORD`

   ### Admin User
    - `ADMIN_NAME`
    - `ADMIN_EMAIL`
    - `ADMIN_PASSWORD`

   ### PlacetoPay Credentials
    - `P2P_LOGIN`
    - `P2P_SECRET_KEY`
    - `P2P_URL`

4. Run `composer install` to install the dependencies.
5. Run `php artisan key:generate` to set the `APP_KEY` value in the `.env` file.
6. Run `php artisan storage:link` to make the images available to the application.
7. Run `php artisan migrate:fresh --seed` to create the database tables and seed the database.
8. Run `php artisan serve` to start the application.
9. Run `npm install` and `npm run dev` to compile the assets.

**Note:** To use the image manipulation features in the application, the PHP `gd` extension must be enabled. Please ensure that this extension is enabled on your server.

### Creating an Admin User
To access the admin panel, you need an admin user. You can create this user in one of the following ways:

1. By filling in the admin user variables in the `.env` file as mentioned above.
2. By running the following artisan command:
    ```sh
    php artisan create:admin {name} {email} {password}
    ```

This command allows you to directly create an admin user with the specified name, email, and password.

The system commands are defined in the `routes/console.php` file.

### Queue Configuration
The application uses queues for background jobs. You can set the queue driver in the `.env` file:

- `QUEUE_CONNECTION=sync` (processes jobs immediately)
- `QUEUE_CONNECTION=database` (processes jobs in the background using the database)

If using `database`, run the artisan command `php artisan queue:work` to start processing the jobs.

Commit message:

feat: update README with docker instructions

README.md, after:

# Placetogrow - Microsite Payment Platform

## Description
Placetogrow is a platform that allows administrators to create and manage microsites for different types of payments (invoices, subscriptions, donations), and enables users to make payments in a simple and secure manner.

## Technologies Used
- PHP 8.2
- Laravel 11.0
- MySQL 8.0
- InertiaJs with Vue 3.4.0 and TypeScript 5.0.2
- Tailwind CSS 3.2.1
- Headless UI 1.7

## Installation and Setup
1. Clone the repository:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/MiguelBa1/placetogrow
    ```

2. Create the `.env` file from the `.env.example` file:
    ```sh
    cp .env.example .env
    ```

3. Configure the necessary information in the `.env` file. Make sure to set the following variables:

   ### Database Connection
    - `DB_CONNECTION`
    - `DB_HOST`
    - `DB_PORT`
    - `DB_DATABASE`
    - `DB_USERNAME`
    - `DB_PASSWORD`

   ### Admin User
    - `ADMIN_NAME`
    - `ADMIN_EMAIL`
    - `ADMIN_PASSWORD`

   ### PlacetoPay Credentials
    - `P2P_LOGIN`
    - `P2P_SECRET_KEY`
    - `P2P_URL`

4. Run `composer install` to install the dependencies.
5. Run `php artisan key:generate` to set the `APP_KEY` value in the `.env` file.
6. Run `php artisan storage:link` to make the images available to the application.
7. Run `php artisan migrate:fresh --seed` to create the database tables and seed the database.
8. Run `php artisan serve` to start the application.
9. Run `npm install` and `npm run dev` to compile the assets.

**Note:** To use the image manipulation features in the application, the PHP `gd` extension must be enabled. Please ensure that this extension is enabled on your server.

### Running with Docker

To run the application using Docker, follow these steps:

1. Start the Docker containers:
    ```sh
    docker-compose up -d --build
    ```

2. After the containers are up and running, execute the following commands to ensure proper permissions and database setup:

    ```sh
    docker compose exec app bash
    chown www-data:www-data /var/www/storage/logs/laravel.log
    chmod 664 /var/www/storage/logs/laravel.log
    chown -R www-data:www-data /var/www/storage/framework
    chmod -R 775 /var/www/storage/framework
    php artisan migrate:fresh --seed
    ```

   These commands adjust the permissions for the necessary directories and run the initial database migrations and seeders.

### Creating an Admin User
To access the admin panel, you need an admin user. You can create this user in one of the following ways:

1. By filling in the admin user variables in the `.env` file as mentioned above.
2. By running the following artisan command:
    ```sh
    php artisan create:admin {name} {email} {password}
    ```

This command allows you to directly create an admin user with the specified name, email, and password.

The system commands are defined in the `routes/console.php` file.

### Queue Configuration
The application uses queues for background jobs. You can set the queue driver in the `.env` file:

- `QUEUE_CONNECTION=sync` (processes jobs immediately)
- `QUEUE_CONNECTION=database` (processes jobs in the background using the database)

If using `database`, run the artisan command `php artisan queue:work` to start processing the jobs.
